note 1: The memories are coming back and flowing in my head pretty heavily. I remembered the times we met and the 
times we had the change to talk together. I remembered how philosophically inclined her way of thinking and feeling 
is. I remembered the pureness with which she articulates and words her emotions. The awkwardness that's displayed 
by her everytime she tries to ask a question, and just how beautiful she looks and sounds when she does it. I 
remembered how brave she was.

note 2: Sorry for cutting off yesterday, i had to.......think i guess. Last night, i was listening to a lot of 
music to help regain some of how i used to feel about her, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it worked. I was thinking 
profoundly about that one time she messaged me, expressing her longing...........for me, how she missed me. I don't 
know what happened at the time but i thought that i had to get out of here, that there was no good in anyone 
wanting me in their life, that i'm too scared and anxious about either the possibilities of theme leaving me or, 
the more likely outcome, me leaving them. But now, that i got the oppertunity to lay back and reflect on it, i 
realised how f*****g brave that is for her to even remotely think of sending such words. How empowering to her 
emotions that must have been, how strong-willed her core is, and how true her persona is. And i destoyed all of 
that, because i was scared. Because i was too frale and fragil, emotionally unstable to even match 1% of her 
bravery and authenticity. Instead, i bailed out. She must have expected me not to. But i did. Casually without even 
thinking or doubting my choice.

note 3: Another thing i was thinking about upon looking up the past, was the mistake of deleting my account, and 
not been quick-witted enough too at least keep some of the DMs we have shared. I guess a loner like myself would 
have appreciated owning something that's reminiscing of the past, it's good to care about what once was. I also 
realized that. That a moment that accured long ago might have its weight later on in the near to far future. That 
emotions die out but a small reminder wether it come in the visual or audible flavour can stirr a sparke inside to 
rejuvenate your memories. Like a refresh button of some kind.


note 4: I'm getting a bit doubtful at the moment as to why i'm even writing these notes. Perhaps to make me feel 
less angry,sad, alone. Alone. Alone is a powerful word, it's a indicator to a fundamental component in a person 
that has been trastically modified. For the most part of my life, i was alone, NOT LONELY. And that is where the 
confliction accures. and the missunderstandings takes shape. I was never lonely, lonely is what is defined as that 
feeling you get that is resulted in not having someone by your side for a very long time. I never felt like that, i 
was always persuaded and convinced that such feeling does not exist. That no matter what goes down in your life, 
not matter how resentful, sad, broken down, shaken and fearful you may get, you alway have yourself to rely on, 
it's yourself that you turn to and consult for help. Till this day, i am a great supporter of this reasoning, of 
this angle from which many like myself perceive human suffering. But now and for the most part of the last 3 
months, i think i am getting closer to knowing what that feels. 4 months in college is all it took for me to 
discover this unknown. 

note 5: When i went to sleep last night, i was thinking about what might trigger my exitement to talk about it in 
these notes today and then it hit me, i really wanted to talk about college life and how f*****g shitty it is. it's 
been a week since i opened up these notes, a week that marks the passing of 4 months and a half since college 
began. And ever since it did. it has been like s**t. What happened with M and the way i left made me in a strange 
way, insensitive and dead. Emotionless from the outside and somewhat from the inside to a smaller degree. I get up 
at 6am, leave at 7, my dad pickes me up to the train station, i wait for the train, get on the train, wait for it 
to reach my station, get off, walk 10 more minutes to the uni, head to the class, sit down, wait for the class to 
start, talk to no one, smile to no one, say hi back to that one guy that wants to be friends with everyone, spend 
the next hour and a half listening and paying attention, 15 minute break between every class, and repeat at least 5 
to 6 time every day. The people that study with me noticed that clearly and they chose to distance themselves and 
it made me happy.............just happy as you should i guess. By far, the most insufferable thing about the uni is 
the one hour break they give us between 12 and 1pm, i just sit down for an hour straight, having my energy drained 
over listening to music and staring to people talking and chatting about nonsensical surface-level superficial 
topics. I sit by myself and the weird thing is, I love it, i adore it, but when i think about them and how dark it 
is to like such things make me confused as to what i like and don't like really.


note 6: This is probably a month later, Exams and s**t, couldn't really devote anytime into contributing to these 
notes other than fixing some typing errors. Everytime i think of M, one thing that resonates in my head is the one 
time she said she needed someone to touch, she seemed down that day and in her tipical awkwardness she dropped that 
on me, i laughed as a response but what i truly wanted to do is to hag her, because i knew what she meant, 
everything. That is the thing about overthinkers like me. No, they are not most likely introverts, although 
studies show it is the case. The thing about overthinkers is the capacity of comprehension with as little words as 
possible. The second she said that, i knew i had to help. To be honest, i thought she was trolling or perhaps 
being a drama queen for attention. Why else would you disclose such words with someone who you knew a day or two 
ago, a stranger. But i guess that is the thing with overthinkers. They can feel the presence of others. I am 
speculating of course. Not that i know the truth or anything. It just arouses my imagination and makes me think 
what did she see in me to share what she shared with me of all people. We have spoken once via DMs before reaching 
that point, that is it. Strange. Very strange. But then again it make starts to make sense, she didn't get to know 
who i really am inside. I really thought her chances are high, i never found someone that is worthy of sharing 
something with them. I did share some stories about dad, mom, grandpa. But nothing prepared  me to share 1% of the rest about me. 
But i looked at her and thought that she is different enough, she suffered enough, she's pure enough. I guess my 
inner self didn't. My inner self wants to close out, but at the same time it wants to help others. It is just 
confusing and torturous al the time. I want to be someone that everyone around me can rely on and the same me 
wants to keep myself to myself. What is worse is that i don't get to explain myself the way i want to. M got to 
hear some of it when i told her to stop talking to me. So what am i really? am i good or bad? do such things 
exist? and how are they defined? what is the role model for each one? and should anyone care?


note 7: It has been 3 days now, and i have to say that these notes are the best thing i have decided to do. I have 
noticed a pattern of me getting so excited  and enthusiastic about a new topic to discuss with myself in these 
notes. Once i find one, i become enthrilled and impatient to return to this desk and start typing away. I guess 
coping mechanism do work a little. In this note, i wanted to talk about is love. I initially had no clue how i 
would tackle this subject in the manner that satisfies me. Love as a definition is too simplistic. Attraction, 
affection, warm attachment, personal devotion to another. And the list really is endless. I guess the typical 
question that is raised is the why. Why do we love? beyond nature, why do we love? The way i perceive love is 
this. Love to me means sacrifice. A sacrifice to your way of life for one purpose and one purpose only. The 
happiness of OTHERS. Sacrifice is another one of those big and packed words. would not liking people count as a 
sacrifice? would helping others get over their hardships by staying  away from them count as a sacrifice? does a 
'good' sacrifice require good acts and morals? when you sacrifice something for the sake of others, are you really 
doing that? when you sacrifice your time for exemple to spend with others, are you doing it for them? only them? 
is loving really a sacrifice? or perhaps a recipe for more pain? wheter it is intended or not? does closing 
yourself in and pushing everyone away count as a  sacrifice? is it the most noble and selfless thing to do? now 
they don't have to worry about you, how you spent your day, what birthday gifts to buy, think about your family 
and how they are doing. They don't have to feel pain, shed tear when you do, they don't have to share your moment 
of agony and despare. They don't have to suffer because you are. When you close out you feel safety from others. 
You alse feel safety for them. Now you can fuck up as many times as possible and no one will have suffer for it. 
Rigth? They are safe now from you. right? makes sense if you think about. So why do we bother with love and 
friends to begin with. Are we really doing them a service by sticking around? are we really making them happier by 
not going away? are we benifiting them by staying?


note 8: today is the 7th of february, my twitter and youtube feed are drowning in Corona related articles and 
videos.It has been like this for the past 2 weeks or so. I looked it up to find some useful information, turns out 
it is just a flu-like decease. Its ability of self-transmission from human to human makes it exponentially more 
contagious however. Staying safe and distant from others is a person's last resort to battle it until science does 
it for us. Self quarantining is what they call it. Should be simple for an introvert like myself.


note 9: 2nd of march, first official corona case in the country, not very worried but still cautious about it. I 
do use the train everyday, so i have to.


note 10: 14th of march, uni is over and we have 2 weeks of rest, the govenment issued a statement that all 
educational enquiries are shut down and/or to be continued.


note 11: Things are going pretty wild out there but i wanted to stay on track and touch on thing i like to talk 
about. Been listening to more music as i do all the time. Here's a small topic, Youtubers. I have been watching 
youtubers ever since i was 12, and it is such a breath-taking occupation to have, definetely and unusual one. The 
ability to accumulate a fanbase, and connect millions of peaple together throught your content is IMO FUCKING 
GENIUS. I like dark humor and i have to say there isn't a lot to like about humor on youtube during the past 2 
years, everyone is scared about political correctness and hurting other people's feelings. But i still think there 
is hope, and there is no doubt in my mind that being a youtuber is a privilege these days.

note 12: these notes may grow in number quickly, i have 2 full weeks to talk endlessly about anything my heart 
desires. I am not gonna lie, it has been pretty hard lately to keep M out of my head, a portion of the reason why 
is i am kind of worried about her in the minx of this  corona fiasco that is been unfolded everyday, and another 
portion is because i want to talk to her. It is ironic how she came for me  because she missed me and now it seems 
like i am feeling the same. I miss everyone at this point really. But kinda don't at the same time. hhhhhhh, my 
mom is starting to freak out about COVID-19. Also the media is treating the word corona-virus as if it is the n 
word. Essentially censoring the word everywhere it is mentioned. Other than that, i feel safe, listening to music, 
youtube, alse some twitch streamers, coding as well to burn the time. 


note 13: Day four of vacation, still can't keep her out of my head. I have been looking for her FB profile, was 
not lucky to find it.  I mean i don't even know what i will do if i found it, that's what weird about this. It's 
like searching for something and then what? I can't just tell her to talk to me. I can't just casually insert my 
ass back to her life and pretend nothing happened. I don't have  the right to do that, not after what i did. If 
anything is going to happen, it is going to be her that will start it. At this point, i'm just chilling, typing 
this, thinking about shit. Until my head starts playing games with me and convinces me to do something.


note 14: day 12 of vacation, couldn't really find something to speak on to my suprise, Corona has been spreading, 
streets are empty, i'm getting more and more worried about people i care about. M and a really close friend of 
mine that lives in another city with his mom. I am seriously thinking of contacting both of them. The easiest 
would be my friend. Despite the fact that the last time we exchanged words was 3 years ago, i have a feeling that 
he would be delighted to hear from me again, as i would be. I moved out of town and never talked since. And 
because of my cynical thinking, i didn't mind doing just that. He is special too, a little bit annoying, 
very sexual, and caring. More caring than he sounds at least.


note 15: I decided to make some posts on FB. A desperate attempt on my side to get noticed by M. Hopefully she will respond.


note 16: Well, i did say my luck is improving. I found her account. But still i am waiting, she already had a post 
that goes back 5 days ago. I don't know what else to do but wait. I'm not even sure if she checks out my account 
every now and then. Who would blame her? it has been at least under 9 months now. Every hour that goes by without 
something popping up makes more anxious. It's not that i am desprate to talk to her, i'm worried that she would 
take too long that i would forget the feelings i want to emit to her. She would take too long that these meanings 
and emotions would die out inside me. As you can tell, i am not very good at storing emotions for an extended 
period of time. I guess these notes would help to regain some of them if that happened. Also, i don't want to 
distract her from her exams so i'm not sure if this is the best thing to do currently. I still mean it when i said 
i am not contacting her. I don't have the right to send a friendship request or like one of her posts to draw her 
attention. Plus, i have been thinking about it, if she doesn't check my account out anymore. Maybe that is a sign 
for me to move on too. Maybe, i need to stick to my words of leaving. Maybe, i don't deserver a second  chance. In 
the mean while, i am just waiting. God knows how long it will take untill i lose hope.


note 17: day 19, good news, my friend responded and he was really happy, he managed to respond after a day of me 
sending a message. He missed the fuck out of me, he said. He alse thought i was dead. I appologized for not 
staying in contact with him and his friends, we were sort of the gang back at the day. To my surprise when asked 
him about them, he said they all got seperated with the exception of a couple of them.

note 18: Vacation is over, still at home clearly, don't really have a clear idea as to what will happen in terms
of the uni. In this note, i wanted to dive deep into another subject. It has been since note 7 that i last talked 
about something interesting. Society. For the longest time, i have not been a huge fan of that word. Couldn't
really justify the obsessive sense of belonging to others. Socialization is what they call it. Just like most 
existential matters, the first question is the why. Why do people socialize? Where does this need of communication 
come from? What is it feeding inside? Our lust to be heard? Our lust to be felt? Perhaps our need to be related 
to? And cared for? Would it be insane to assume that we socialize because we dislike ourselves? That agreeing and
approving our dicision requires other people's consent and approval? That no matter what we do and how we feel, it 
all boils down to what others have to say about it? Do people even know what or who they are talking to? When we 
talk to and 'socialize' with others, are we really being accepted and welcomed to society? or is it the picture? 
the facade? the persona with which you introduced yourself at that moment that is being accepted and liked and 
understood? How willing is this 'compationate' society of knowing others? WHO THEY REALLY ARE? How many secrets 
are they interested in knowing? How many heartbrakes are they wanting to listen to and connect with? We say we 
want to help but can we? Is that responsibility even ours in the first place? How many people out there are 
willing to trully show who they are? what they really are inside? The person they speak with in bed? when looking 
into the mirror? Everyone has something to hide. Everyone. And that is why this fantasy of societal integration is
what it is. A fantasy. No one is brave enough to do that. To commit to the real world. They say they socialize, 
they say they are extroverted and caring about others. But i call it BS, because it is not them that is doing all 
of that, it is the image, the portrait of someone else doing it. Introduce a little bit of change into their life. 
And watch them crumble down and not know what to do. Society is for ordinary, fake people that take off their 
masks when they are alone and no one is there is to judge. I believe that the existance of others is important, 
very crucial in the cycle of evolution, just not for the same reasons the mob would have. My ideas can change, no 
doubt about that. It's really the reason why i'm trying to reconcile with M. I have no shame in changing. A year,
or two from now, i may have a different opinion that is the contrary of this one. Maybe, i'm just emotional. Too
emotional. Too emotional to think, too emotional to care, too emotional to feel, too emotional to understand 
emotions, too emotional for emotions.


note 19: I am starting to lose hope. Normally, i would be having an answer by now, a hint, a song, anything. 
That's one other thing about me that i'm not sure whether i should keep or change. I give up on people that give 
up on me. It happens so fast. I can spend an entire year with a friend and then if i feel left alone, i just 
accept it, i welcome it and let go of everything. It's like a broom, an eraser effect that deletes everything. 
It didn't happen with M, not a lot at least because the way that ended is not clear to me yet. It was also new,
i never talked to a girl like that my whole life. Perhaps, it's my bias kicking in telling me to hold on a bit 
more. I'm not sure but every hour that goes by, i just feel more and more.........away. It's 
funny because that's how i feel all the time when i think about anyone i've met in my life.
All i want is to make sure she is happier. All i want is to make sure someone out there is happier. I wanted to 
make sure that i did help, that i wasn't fooling myself into thinking that i cared about her to look or sound 
wise and empathetic. It's weird. Really weird. It always makes me confused. I want so badly to care for everyone 
but stay alone. It's like wanting to be huged but not to be touched. Flying but stay on the ground. Fighting but 
keeping your hands down. Feeling but staying empty. Loving but....not loving.


note 20: Just a quick note, i forgot in these notes somehow to mention that i actually met M the other day, while 
walking home. She was on the opposite way to school. I don't know how i missed her, normally, i have really good 
vision and acting skills to avoid these awkward situation but that time i didn't. I look to my right and there she 
was. Staring at me back. I waved at her, with a smile, trying to not make cringy. She waved back, seemed sad. 
Seemed like she still remembers. Aaaaaaaaaaand a second later, it was over. That wasn't the only time actually. 
At the start of the year, i remember seeing her coming my way too. I was full wearing full black, jordans too. 
I looked ahead, pretty casual prosedure i do all the time to inspect my surounding and there she was. 100 feet or 
so away from me. Like any scared pussy, i pretended to reach into my bag to grab my phone. She herself upon seeing
me crossed to the other side of the road. See. I always pretend to not see people but in reality. I see 
everything, not all the time, there will come times where i won't pay attention and something will catch off 
guard. But every other time, i just fake everything. It's just easier for me to not do anything. It's better for
others if they don't get to know me. Maybe that is my sacrifice. Getting to know people, and then leave for their 
own sake. To not hurt them. For someone as unstable as i am, it will happen at the end. So, perhaps, that's a 
sacrifice i am commiting all the time. But why not bother to know people to begin with? wouldn't that be better 
for everyone? Others at least? Not sure why i wrote all of this, i thought it was gonna be short but got carried 
away a little at the end. I checked M's FB last night and she seemed alright. She was speaking to her friends,
nothing alarming me that she is back to her old ways. Maybe this was a mistake. Maybe deleting those posts is the 
right thing to do. I don't want to disturbe her happiness. I don't want to disrupt the peaceful place she might 
be living now. I don't want to ruin all of that because i'm going through a mental breakdown hhhh. It's not a 
mental breakdown really, it's more like a mental discharge. I kinda want to delete those post now, i wish uni 
comes back so i don't have to think about this anymore.


note 21:
